My thesis is that in order for AI to become adopted by everyone and reach its full potential, more
hardware products need to be developed in order to let AI be free and express itself more
naturally. It's about giving AI an opportunity to reach the many billions of people on earth in
ways that are currently unthinkable. AI for the consumer is being limited to a regular chat
interface. Robots, AR/VR, and brain computer interfaces will become essential. It is critical that
these technologies should be available to the AVERAGE person so that AI can evolve in a
sustainable manner. I think that AR and VR will have the biggest impact, as it will give
everything that we currently know on the internet superpowers. Websites will become interactive
like stores, games will become immersive, people will connect differently and will have the
chance to actually live in their dream life.
I am also a firm believer that, especially with an increase in automations like agents, people will
realize the importance of being an individual and wanting to spend time on activities they really
like. Sport, Wellness, general well-being will become even more important topics. People will
strive for a better life, wanting to connect with people who can help them. Adding on, will there
be a need for people wanting to express their creativity, being unique and bringing this out to the
people in ways other than the phone or the TV.
My main project that I am currently working on serves the purpose of helping people achieve
their dreams and become who they want to be. Mentorship and coaching will be even more
present in the future than they are now. I have always missed this in my life. Biographies are
great, but it would be cooler if I could actually ask the person. It would not necessarily need to
be actually the person. An Avatar with all of the information about this person would already be
great. I would ask what he would do in my situation, what tools he used when he had that
specific problem, and so on.
This makes me very exci